Adding debug logs for lookback feature (#25797)
demisto/content: Packs/Base/ReleaseNotes/1_31_86.md

#### Scripts

##### CommonServerPython

> - Added debug logs for the look-back feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added debug logs for the look-back generic methods.
```
